Significance Relevance Dominion 
H e k i m i k a
Raising the generation of the Wise all over the W orld.
ABOUT US
A breed of people that are skillful in godly Wisdom and awakened to impart the
same Wisdom to this generation and the ones to come.
VISION
To raise the generation of the Wise all over the World.
MISSION
To be a place of impartation of the Wisdom of God in every area of life.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
LEADERSHIP
Pastor Kevin and Lilian Mulati are visionaries of the Wise
Nation which is a global outreach program that aims to impart
all with the Wisdom of God to live a life of significance,
relevance, and dominion while pursuing purpose. They are
passionate about the Wisdom, love and power of God finding
expression in men.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
WISE NATION
BELIEF STATEM ENT
We believe that Wisdom is important in this life and God gives liberally to all.
God did not create man to figure out life on his own but has provided man with
an opportunity to seek Him and get godly Wisdom early in every area of life. We
believe that from a young age people can access the Wisdom of God and live
above the immaturity of this world.
Luke 2:52 says, "And Jesus increased in wisdom and in stature and in favor
with God and man". This was true for The LORD and it can also be true for
every one. Those who seek find and those who ask will always receive from Our
Loving Father. 
As THE W ISE NATION, we choose to stand in the gap for this generation and
become conduits of godly wisdom 
ARM S OF W ISE NATION
1.Wisdom Moments - A platform designed to impart people with godly
wisdom through organized meetings and regular devotionals.
2.Perfected in Wisdom - This is a mentorship and building program that
focuses on imparting Wisdom in specific areas. 
3.Young and Wise - The vision is two fold based on the program and the
outcome of the people we meet: To be a well-spring of Wisdom to the
young generation and raise a superior breed of people that are full of the
Wisdom of God. 
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
Wisdom Moments is a platform designed to impart people with godly
wisdom through organized meetings and regular devotionals.
Over the past three years we have taken time to hold meetings called
CULTURED IN LOVE where we have equipped many with Divine
Wisdom for Love and Relationship and written several Books that are
available for all. The audios for the audios of the Cultured in Love
sessions are available for download anytime Spotify. More information
on the content can be found on Wisdom Moments.
Wisdom Moments also has:
Singles Forum
Couples Forum
Solid Man
Called to Serve
Leaders Forum
LIST OF BOOKS
The Pure Man
Cultured in Love (Creating a Solid Form)
Cultured in Love (Establishing a Solid Core)
Cultured in Love (Dealing with Ended Relationships)
Cultured in Love (Work it out)
Cultured in Love (Choosing Well)
Cultured in Love (Passion)
Cultured in Love (Praying for a Solid Man)
Cultured in Love (Conflict Resolution)
Preparing for Love
Keepers of Love
WISDOM
MOMENTS
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
Cultured in Love is about activating men and women
in the wisdom of God concerning love, relationships,
and marriage. It is our joy to witness people win in love
and relationships and build a family together. The
ultimate goal of Cultured in Love is: 
To provide people with a platform where they can
access Wisdom
Raise strong men and women who will be carriers
of supreme models of love, marriage, and family
(SOLID MAN).
To open people up to the Teacher within through
impartation.
To walk with couples through the unknown waters
of love and relationships.
To release mentors all over the world; a journey of
nurturing and mentoring mentors. We call them
WISE NATION.
CULTURED 
IN LOVE
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
This is a mentorship and building program that focuses on
imparting Wisdom in specific areas. Currently we have:
1.Single & Built (Preparing for Love). This is a program for any single
person who wants to be sharpened for a better and supreme
experience in love and relationships. 
2.Single & Built (Choosing Well). A program for any single person
who wants to be equipped with Wisdom for choosing well.
3.Single & Built (Keepers) - A program for any single person who
desires to be equipped to know how to build and keep a
relationship. 
4.School of Purity (Purity Basics). This is a program to train people in
a life of purity. It is for ALL, not just for people having sexual issues,
but for everyone. 
5. Beginning Right (Romance Bae-sics). The is an 8-week program to
build couples for a long-term relationship. 
6.Coupled & Built (Conflict Resolution). This is a program aiming to
provide depth and insight to couples who have been together for
some time for conflict resolution. 
7. Fountain. A Discipleship program.
8. Built to Lead.  A program for leaders.
9. Perfected in Ministry. Strictly for ministers. 
10. School of Healing. For those who have been wounded and would
like to find therapeutic healing from the Word.
11. Discovery Class. A life-coaching class.PERFECTED IN
WISDOM
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
WHO CAN JOIN
THE PROGRAMS?
1. Anyone who will be: 
Wiling: A willing person will not need to be followed up to
do anything. This will make work easy for the leader
because you will be self driven to accomplish even more
than what is offered.
Available: If you have a lot on your plate at the moment
of the beginning of the program please wait for a later
cohort because we don't tolerate inactivity or a lack of
cooperation from in participating in all the required
activities.
Diligent & Committed: The programs are a boot camp
experience and require total commitment. And btw they
are not time consuming if you plan yourself well. 
2. Anyone who finds the program Relevant: The
Program MUST be what you really need now. We don't
recommend joining because of excitement but because
you want to be helped. If it is what you need you will
definitely give it your all.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
THE EIGHT
WEEK MODEL
1.They are not time-consuming. 
2.They require the participation of all who want to be
part of it. No silent members. 
3.There are different kinds of sessions, including:
Teaching, Interactive & Prayer Sessions. The teaching
sessions are prerecorded, and a link will be shared for
a given period (max 48 hours) after which the video
will be unavailable. 
4. Each program has a Book/workbook with exercises
that you will be expected to do, such as reflections
and action points from the teachings. 
5.Prayers are in the 4th & 7th weeks of the program for
programs that run for 8 weeks. 
6.There are Hekima groups on WhatsApp for discussions
and program communications. 
7. After each session, you will be expected to share
what stood out for you after you are done with the
workbook exercise. Let it be personal rather than
notes from the teaching. Share how it is influencing
your current position.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
WORKSHOP
MODEL
1.In this model the programs run for a maximum of three
days or two weekends.
2.DAY 1: Lesson 1 to Lesson 4 and finishes with prayers
and an interactive session.
3.DAY 2: Lesson 4 to Lesson 8 and finishes with prayers
and an interactive session
4.Day 3: Q & A and any other topic of interest that may
arise from the participants.
5.The program can be a physical as a bootcamp or
online.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
YOUNG  & WISE
Who are Young and Wise? These are wise-hearted people. These are people with a heart
that is trained to live above the immaturity of this world. These are people who have tasted
butter and honey and know how to reject evil. They are a force that preserves their peers.
They are not afraid to be different and to stand out from the crowd. They are unwilling to
bow down to pressure but move in the strength and power of God and overcome the wicked
one. They are strong and are able to withstand any force of influence.
Vision
The vision is two fold based on the program and the outcome of the people we meet.
1.To be a well-spring of Wisdom to the young generation.
2.A superior breed of people that are full of the Wisdom of God. 
Mission 
Elevating the young people’s sight by the Word of God, igniting them to be champions in
their purpose and fulfil their God-designed destiny.
The Assignment 
There is a call to DEVELOP AND TRAIN a wise generation called YOUNG AND WISE. If there
is no intentional training for these generations they will still silently encounter information
and act naive in the presence of parents or older people. The assignment is two-fold:
1.Mentor the young. Through programs the young generation will be mentored
and trained to stand in the Wisdom of God. The main place will be partnering
with schools and colleges to impart Wisdom. There will also be events organized
for them outside school. 
2.Raise the young to mentor their peers. Through us God is raising a breed of
people that will carry His influence to their peers and be bold to lead them into
the light.
The concern for young and wise is:
How can we secure the young generation?
How can we reach them early and save their future?
How do we connect with them? How can we speak their language and secure them?
What training do they need?
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
YOUNG  & WISE
Objectives of Young and Wise?
1.To be a choice place for building and mentorship in the ways of God.
2.To be a voice to the young generation. 
3.To raise young men and women to uphold chastity. 
4.To train young men to be solid in this generation. 
5.To raise young women to uphold dignity. 
6.To impart understanding on how to guard themselves sexually.
7.To train them on how to keep a healthy mind. 
8.To give understanding on how to keep and develop a healthy mind and
heart.
The Assignment 
There is a call to DEVELOP AND TRAIN a wise generation called YOUNG AND WISE. If there
is no intentional training for these generations they will still silently encounter information
and act naive in the presence of parents or older people. The assignment is two-fold:
1.Mentor the young. Through programs the young generation will be mentored
and trained to stand in the Wisdom of God. The main place will be partnering
with schools and colleges to impart Wisdom. There will also be events organized
for them outside school. 
2.Raise the young to mentor their peers. Through us God is raising a breed of
people that will carry His influence to their peers and be bold to lead them into
the light.
The concern for young and wise is:
How can we secure the young generation?
How can we reach them early and save their future?
How do we connect with them? How can we speak their language and secure them?
What training do they need?
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
FUNCTIONALITY OF
THE WEBSITE : PHASE 1
HEADER
HOME | ABOUT | PERFECTED IN WISDOM | WISDOM MOMENTS | TEENS CORNER
ABOUT
Founders/Leaders
Vision
Mission
Belief Statement
Arms
PERFECTED IN W ISDOM
List and details of every program
Ability to register for a specific program on Google Form
Every Program can have a different Google Form
Direction on how to make required payments
A WhatsApp group Link invite after payment
Prompt admin upon registration
After registration the person should be able to access have access to welcome to class materials that should be
downloadable
The program will have two forms that a person can choose from: 8 WEEK MODEL AND WORKSHOP MODEL 
W ISDOM  M OM ENTS
CULTURED IN LOVE
A Blog
Relationships Q & A platform
Relationship Counselling for singles, dating couples, and young couples.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
FUNCTIONALITY OF THE
WEBSITE : PHASE 2
HEADER
HOME | ABOUT | PERFECTED IN WISDOM | WISDOM MOMENTS | TEENS CORNER | RESOURCES | MY BOOKS
RESOURCES
Audios (Google Drive)
Youtube videos
Devotionals (Google Drive)
Bible Study Guides (Google Drive)
MY BOOKS
List and Details of Every Book
Advertise the books with their prices
Provide a platform for reading softcopy
Books should not be downloadable on pdf format
OTHER THINGS
The Website should be interactive
The Website should have a chatbot
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
PHASE 3
PERFECTED IN WISDOM
The program will have two parts
 Self pace - This is where one pays a given amount to have a life-time access to the
material.
Join a class - This is where someone enrols with other people and has the advantage
of interacting with others and an instructor.
YOUNG AND WISE
Available Mentorships for Teens and youths on various topics inked to YouTube
Magazines
Q & A
Interactive sessions
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
COLORS
Background with the patterns if possible
Raising the generation
of the Wise all over
the World.
Significance 
Relevance 
Dominion 
